Z-Wave: Reword firmware warnings, add Z-Station as recommended (#34089)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_docs/z-wave/controllers.markdown

{% warning %}

The firmwares of 700 and 800 series Z-Wave controllers have several bugs which impact the stability of the mesh and can cause the controller to become unresponsive. Because there is no known firmware version that is completely fixed, it is recommended to choose a firmware based on the following criteria:
- 700 series:

>   - prefer SDK versions 7.17.2 to 7.18.x

Reviewer: Should we avoid the term SDK here and replace it with firmware version to make it less technical for the reader?

Author: I'd love to, but manufacturers have their own firmware versioning that's not related to the SDK versions.
e.g. Zooz has 1.10, 1.20, 1.30, 1.40. Z-Wave.me seems to have 7.x firmwares, but with different minor versions than the SDK.

Author: Unless we want to explicitly list the recommended firmware versions, but the warning may span half a page then.

Reviewer: Hmm it might help to explain just to the reader that in that case.

Author: Will add an explanation

{% warning %}

The firmwares of 700 and 800 series Z-Wave controllers have several bugs which impact the stability of the mesh and can cause the controller to become unresponsive. Because there is no known firmware version that is completely fixed, it is recommended to choose a firmware based on the following criteria:
- 700 series:
  - prefer SDK versions 7.17.2 to 7.18.x
  - SDK versions 7.19.x are okay
  - avoid SDK versions before 7.17.2
  - avoid SDK versions 7.20 to 7.21.3
 
- 800 series
  - prefer SDK versions 7.22.x
  - SDK versions 7.17.2 to 7.19.x are okay
  - avoid SDK versions before 7.17.2
  - avoid SDK versions 7.20 to 7.21.3
 

> Note that the SDK version does not have to match the firmware version. If you are unsure which SDK versions a firmware is based on, contact the manufacturer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% note %}
The SDK version does not have to match the firmware version. If you are unsure which SDK versions a firmware is based on, contact the manufacturer of your device.
{% endnote %}
```

> Users should upgrade the firmware on all 700 and 800 series controllers to a recommended version.

Reviewer: If it implies a requirement for success we should wrap it in an important box.

Additionally, small adjustment toward the user from reading it.

```suggestion
{% important %}
You should upgrade the firmware on all 700 and 800 series controllers to a recommended version.
{% endimportant %}
```
